the aquarium visitor wondered which fish the penguins had eaten during the performance.
the aquarium visitor wondered which trainer the penguins had eaten during the performance.
the storyteller explained which dragon the prince had slain with his sword.
the storyteller explained which princess the prince had slain with his sword.
the superintendent overheard which tenant the landlord had evicted at the end of may.
the superintendent overheard which realtor the landlord had evicted at the end of may.
the butler speculated which guests the master had invited to the party.
the butler speculated which servants the master had invited to the party.
the priest mentioned which nonbeliever the nun had converted on her mission trip.
the priest mentioned which archbishop the nun had converted on her mission trip.
the sheriff boasted which horse the cowboy had ridden across the town.
the sheriff boasted which bandit the cowboy had ridden across the town.
mr. stevens revealed which clerk the manager had fired for being lazy.
mr. stevens revealed which customer the manager had fired for being lazy.
the secret serviceman concealed which ex-president the agent had protected from the terrorists.
the secret serviceman concealed which assassin the agent had protected from the terrorists.
the roman emperor asked which god the gladiator had worshipped for strength in battle.
the roman emperor asked which adversary the gladiator had worshipped for strength in battle.
the author revealed which maiden the hero had saved from the tower.
the author revealed which ogre the hero had saved from the tower.
the columnist publicized which billionaire the supermodel had married on public television.
the columnist publicized which stylist the supermodel had married on public television.
the iranian scholar researched which camels the persians had ridden across the desert.
the iranian scholar researched which soldiers the persians had ridden across the desert.
the beggar saw which leper the saint had cured in the street.
the beggar saw which prophet the saint had cured in the street.
the historian recorded which patriot the king had knighted at the ceremony.
the historian recorded which traitor the king had knighted at the ceremony.
the monk recalled which sinner the priest had forgiven in church yesterday.
the monk recalled which cardinal the priest had forgiven in church yesterday.
the scientist noted which antelope the lion had eaten for his dinner.
the scientist noted which cub the lion had eaten for his dinner.
the secretary confirmed which illustrator the author had hired for the new book.
the secretary confirmed which readers the author had hired for the new book.
the stenographer recorded which defendant the judge had sentenced to fifteen years.
the stenographer recorded which lawyer the judge had sentenced to fifteen years.
spencer guessed which agent the actress had hired to promote her career.
spencer guessed which admirer the actress had hired to promote her career.
the editor listed which orphans the philanthropist had adopted from the faraway place.
the editor listed which volunteers the philanthropist had adopted from the faraway place.
the farmer remembered which pig the butcher had slaughtered in his kitchen.
the farmer remembered which vegetarian the butcher had slaughtered in his kitchen.
the homeowner asked which insects the exterminator had killed when he came over.
the homeowner asked which plumber the exterminator had killed when he came over.
the barkeeper knew which barmaids the regulars had tipped for their drinks.
the barkeeper knew which troublemakers the regulars had tipped for their drinks.
the ethnographer asked which deer the indians had hunted with bows and arrows.
the ethnographer asked which babies the indians had hunted with bows and arrows.
the historian knew which princess the king had married at the royal palace.
the historian knew which prince the king had married at the royal palace.
the journalist reported which opponent the politician had defeated by a wide margin.
the journalist reported which voters the politician had defeated by a wide margin.
the parent noticed which insects the child had collected in a jar.
the parent noticed which teacher the child had collected in a jar.
the scribe recorded which loyalists the monarch had rewarded for their actions.
the scribe recorded which rebels the monarch had rewarded for their actions.
the teacher remembered which delinquent the principal had suspended for a week.
the teacher remembered which overacheiver the principal had suspended for a week.
sally heard which patient the doctor had treated first thing this morning.
sally heard which nurse the doctor had treated first thing this morning.
the beach bum saw which fish the seagulls had caught along the beach.
the beach bum saw which picnickers the seagulls had caught along the beach.
the circus-goer explained which juggler the clown had tripped in the center ring.
the circus-goer explained which child the clown had tripped in the center ring.
the football fan heard which cheerleader the quarterback had dated after the season.
the football fan heard which linebacker the quarterback had dated after the season.
the seasonal laborer marked which cows the farmer had milked early this morning.
the seasonal laborer marked which chickens the farmer had milked early this morning.
the secretary knew which manager the ceo had promoted from the old office.
the secretary knew which investor the ceo had promoted from the old office.
general jones heard which terrorist the corporal had captured during the battle.
general jones heard which comrade the corporal had captured during the battle.
jason saw which nerd the teacher had praised for his good behavior.
jason saw which rascal the teacher had praised for his good behavior.
jim forgot which addict the therapist had treated in his last session.
jim forgot which doctor the therapist had treated in his last session.
the announcer stated which teammate the player had replaced for the upcoming game.
the announcer stated which rival the player had replaced for the upcoming game.
the crafts fair manager asked which cows the leatherworker had skinned to make his bags.
the crafts fair manager asked which customers the leatherworker had skinned to make his bags.
the police woman recognized which officer the lieutenant had promoted to a higher position.
the police woman recognized which thief the lieutenant had promoted to a higher position.
the reviewer forgot which researchers the authors had cited in their paper.
the reviewer forgot which mice the authors had cited in their paper.
the swim team captain recalled which champion the swimmer had defeated at last week's race.
the swim team captain recalled which lifeguard the swimmer had defeated at last week's race.
the zoologist marked which pup the seal had birthed over the weekend.
the zoologist marked which walrus the seal had birthed over the weekend.
the captain realized which stowaway the sailor had hidden in the cargo hold.
the captain realized which pirate the sailor had hidden in the cargo hold.
the father recalled which girl the boy had dated in junior high.
the father recalled which dog the boy had dated in junior high.
the japanese scientists showed which salespeople the robots had replaced in the last decade.
the japanese scientists showed which patients the robots had replaced in the last decade.
the principal forgot which student the teacher had disciplined after school yesterday.
the principal forgot which parent the teacher had disciplined after school yesterday.
the shepherd saw which lamb the sheep had birthed by the barn.
the shepherd saw which predator the sheep had birthed by the barn.
the snoop determined which bouncer the alcoholic had punched last friday night.
the snoop determined which psychologist the alcoholic had punched last friday night.
carla inquired which exterminator the landlord had used in the apartment.
carla inquired which neighbor the landlord had used in the apartment.
karen learned which teenager the mother had grounded for disobeying her.
karen learned which baby the mother had grounded for disobeying her.
sandra observed which biologists the zookeeper had consulted about the food.
sandra observed which gorillas the zookeeper had consulted about the food.
the anthropologist discovered which animal the caveman had hunted with flint arrows.
the anthropologist discovered which goddess the caveman had hunted with flint arrows.
the mother wondered which trick-or-treaters the neighbor had scared with his costume.
the mother wondered which milkman the neighbor had scared with his costume.
the movie buff speculated which actor the stuntman had portrayed in the opening scene.
the movie buff speculated which director the stuntman had portrayed in the opening scene.
the researcher recorded which chimpanzee the biologist had tagged to be studied.
the researcher recorded which assistant the biologist had tagged to be studied.
the sentry knew which guard the captain had fired from the position.
the sentry knew which townsperson the captain had fired from the position.
the team manager knew which athlete the officials had penalized for being unsportsmanlike.
the team manager knew which umpire the officials had penalized for being unsportsmanlike.
the theater owner described which spectators the magician had amazed with his tricks.
the theater owner described which rabbit the magician had amazed with his tricks.
the librarian documented which celebrities the journalist had interviewed for the magazine.
the librarian documented which journalist the celebrities had interviewed for the magazine.
the old widower remembered which villager the ghost had haunted for many years.
the old widower remembered which ghost the villager had haunted for many years.
the firefighter reported which victim the paramedic had saved after the fire.
the firefighter reported which paramedic the victim had saved after the fire.
the historian documented which prince the assassin had killed in the 10th century.
the historian documented which assassin the prince had killed in the 10th century.
the park ranger documented which eagle the hunter had shot with a rifle.
the park ranger documented which hunter the eagle had shot with a rifle.
the judo master recognized which defender the assailant had attacked late last night.
the judo master recognized which assailant the defender had attacked late last night.
the naturalist observed which predators the deer had avoided by sleeping in the daytime.
the naturalist observed which deer the predators had avoided by sleeping in the daytime.
the restaurant owner forgot which customer the waitress had served during dinner yesterday.
the restaurant owner forgot which waitress the customer had served during dinner yesterday.
the head nun explained which friar the temptress had seduced after sunday mass.
the head nun explained which temptress the friar had seduced after sunday mass.
the housekeeper showed which mouse the cat had killed under the table.
the housekeeper showed which cat the mouse had killed under the table.
the nanny knew which housekeeper the billionaire had hired from their conversation.
the nanny knew which billionaire the housekeeper had hired from their conversation.
the researcher learned which whale the biologist had studied in the lab.
the researcher learned which biologist the whale had studied in the lab.
tracy announced which applicant the administrator had chosen after the interview.
tracy announced which administrator the applicant had chosen after the interview.
the birthday boy saw which friend the clown had scared at the party.
the birthday boy saw which clown the friend had scared at the party.
the columnist publicized which photographer the celebrity had punched in the nose.
the columnist publicized which celebrity the photographer had punched in the nose.
the documentarian showed which piglets the agriculturalist had raised at the farm.
the documentarian showed which agriculturalist the piglets had raised at the farm.
the police officer noted which jeweler the burglar had robbed on his spree.
the police officer noted which burglar the jeweler had robbed on his spree.
the royal cook asked which lord the chef had served for twenty years.
the royal cook asked which chef the lord had served for twenty years.
the trapeze artist indicated which lion the trainer had tamed for the circus.
the trapeze artist indicated which trainer the lion had tamed for the circus.
the wildlife curator mentioned which ape the zookeeper had fed some fresh fruit.
the wildlife curator mentioned which zookeeper the ape had fed some fresh fruit.
the aid worker realized which refugees the philanthropist had helped to escape starvation.
the aid worker realized which philanthropist the refugees had helped to escape starvation.
the camper reported which girl the bear had mauled in the forest.
the camper reported which bear the girl had mauled in the forest.
the dance instructor noticed which onlookers the performers had impressed in the audience.
the dance instructor noticed which performers the onlookers had impressed in the audience.
the high schooler heard which geek the jock had bullied in the hall.
the high schooler heard which jock the geek had bullied in the hall.
the parent saw which child the lifeguard had rescued from the pool.
the parent saw which lifeguard the child had rescued from the pool.
the ringmaster recognized which cheetah the tamer had trained three years ago.
the ringmaster recognized which tamer the cheetah had trained three years ago.
the travel agent recorded which innkeeper the guests had liked in his notebook.
the travel agent recorded which guests the innkeeper had liked in his notebook.
the bird watcher saw which photographer the hawk had attacked in the woods.
the bird watcher saw which hawk the photographer had attacked in the woods.
the costume designer confirmed which actor the barber had shaved for the part.
the costume designer confirmed which barber the actor had shaved for the part.
the indian king identified which prince the elephant had trampled during the long journey.
the indian king identified which elephant the prince had trampled during the long journey.
the investigator discovered which couple the abductor had taken during their vacation.
the investigator discovered which abductor the couple had taken during their vacation.
the jail keeper forgot which guard the prisoner had attacked in his cell.
the jail keeper forgot which prisoner the guard had attacked in his cell.
the sailor saw which whale the man had harpooned on the starboard side.
the sailor saw which man the whale had harpooned on the starboard side.
the sheriff recalled which locals the gangsters had robbed in a dark alleyway.
the sheriff recalled which gangsters the locals had robbed in a dark alleyway.
the undead king recognized which woman the zombie had bitten during the fight.
the undead king recognized which zombie the woman had bitten during the fight.
tonia explained which housewife the conman had swindled over the phone.
tonia explained which conman the housewife had swindled over the phone.
the broadcaster explained which contestant the judge had disqualified from the show.
the broadcaster explained which judge the contestant had disqualified from the show.
the campaign volunteer speculated which mayor the voters had elected by a landslide.
the campaign volunteer speculated which voters the mayor had elected by a landslide.
the family counselor understood which daughter the stepparent had abused on a daily basis.
the family counselor understood which stepparent the daughter had abused on a daily basis.
the newscaster confirmed which fugitive the policeman had arrested following the robbery.
the newscaster confirmed which policeman the fugitive had arrested following the robbery.
the opera composer revealed which pirate the singer had portrayed with the greatest finesse.
the opera composer revealed which singer the pirate had portrayed with the greatest finesse.
the prison warden guessed which jailer the inmate had stabbed with a knife.
the prison warden guessed which inmate the jailer had stabbed with a knife.
the producer observed which viewers the acrobats had impressed with their tricks.
the producer observed which acrobats the viewers had impressed with their tricks.
the queen recognized which nobleman the comedian had entertained with his jokes.
the queen recognized which comedian the nobleman had entertained with his jokes.
the reporter inquired which animals the groomer had cleaned with special shampoo.
the reporter inquired which groomer the animals had cleaned with special shampoo.
the ape researcher identified which chimpanzee the poacher had shot in the jungle.
the ape researcher identified which poacher the chimpanzee had shot in the jungle.
the boatman saw which shark the diver had speared just off the shore.
the boatman saw which diver the shark had speared just off the shore.
the committee member guessed which advisors the president had appointed to the cabinet.
the committee member guessed which president the advisors had appointed to the cabinet.
the farmer indicated which donkey the townsperson had bought in the neighboring village.
the farmer indicated which townsperson the donkey had bought in the neighboring village.
the military man knew which soldiers the general had promoted after their tour.
the military man knew which general the soldiers had promoted after their tour.
the parole officer confirmed which delinquent the psychologist had treated several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which psychologist the delinquent had treated several times already.
the policeman knew which suspect the detective had arrested for the recent crime.
the policeman knew which detective the suspect had arrested for the recent crime.
the priest knew which demon the exorcist had expelled with a cross.
the priest knew which exorcist the demon had expelled with a cross.
jack observed which passenger the conductor had removed from the train.
jack observed which conductor the passenger had removed from the train.
teresa knew which neighbor the parrot had bitten at the block party.
teresa knew which parrot the neighbor had bitten at the block party.
the art critic identified which model the artist had drawn in the studio.
the art critic identified which artist the model had drawn in the studio.
the cotton farmer wondered which master the slave had escaped by running through the woods.
the cotton farmer wondered which slave the master had escaped by running through the woods.
the farmhand recorded which goats the breeder had sold at the market.
the farmhand recorded which breeder the goats had sold at the market.
the four-year-old knew which hero the dragon had eaten for dinner last night.
the four-year-old knew which dragon the hero had eaten for dinner last night.
the security guard investigated which patrolman the loiterer had evaded for three hours.
the security guard investigated which loiterer the patrolman had evaded for three hours.
