the firefighter reported which victim the paramedic had saved from the fire.
the firefighter reported which paramedic the victim had saved from the fire.
the firefighter reported which victim the paramedic in the ambulance had saved from the fire.
the firefighter reported which paramedic the victim in the ambulance had saved from the fire.
the firefighter reported which paramedic the victim had thanked after the fire.
the firefighter reported which victim the paramedic had thanked after the fire.
the firefighter reported which paramedic the victim in the ambulance had thanked after the fire.
the firefighter reported which victim the paramedic in the ambulance had thanked after the fire.
the historian documented which prince the assassin had murdered in the 10th century.
the historian documented which assassin the prince had murdered in the 10th century.
the historian documented which prince the assassin with long hair had murdered in the 10th century.
the historian documented which assassin the prince with long hair had murdered in the 10th century.
the historian documented which assassin the prince had hired for the job.
the historian documented which prince the assassin had hired for the job.
the historian documented which assassin the prince with long hair had hired for the job.
the historian documented which prince the assassin with long hair had hired for the job.
the naturalist observed which predators the deer had avoided by carefully hiding.
the naturalist observed which deer the predators had avoided by carefully hiding.
the naturalist observed which predators the deer in the forest had avoided by carefully hiding.
the naturalist observed which deer the predators in the forest had avoided by carefully hiding.
the naturalist observed which deer the predators had eaten as a snack.
the naturalist observed which predators the deer had eaten as a snack.
the naturalist observed which deer the predators in the forest had eaten as a snack.
the naturalist observed which predators the deer in the forest had eaten as a snack.
the restaurant owner forgot which customer the waitress had served coffee cake to.
the restaurant owner forgot which waitress the customer had served coffee cake to.
the restaurant owner forgot which customer the waitress at the bar had served coffee cake to.
the restaurant owner forgot which waitress the customer at the bar had served coffee cake to.
the restaurant owner forgot which waitress the customer had tipped after the dinner.
the restaurant owner forgot which customer the waitress had tipped after the dinner.
the restaurant owner forgot which waitress the customer at the bar had tipped after the dinner.
the restaurant owner forgot which customer the waitress at the bar had tipped after the dinner.
the housekeeper showed which mouse the cat had killed under the table.
the housekeeper showed which cat the mouse had killed under the table.
the housekeeper showed which mouse the cat with brown fur had killed under the table.
the housekeeper showed which cat the mouse with brown fur had killed under the table.
the housekeeper showed which cat the mouse had escaped from that day.
the housekeeper showed which mouse the cat had escaped from that day.
the housekeeper showed which cat the mouse with brown fur had escaped from that day.
the housekeeper showed which mouse the cat with brown fur had escaped from that day.
the nanny knew which housekeeper the billionaire had hired for the job.
the nanny knew which billionaire the housekeeper had hired for the job.
the nanny knew which housekeeper the billionaire with young children had hired for the job.
the nanny knew which billionaire the housekeeper with young children had hired for the job.
the nanny knew which billionaire the housekeeper had worked for since the spring.
the nanny knew which housekeeper the billionaire had worked for since the spring.
the nanny knew which billionaire the housekeeper with young children had worked for since the spring.
the nanny knew which housekeeper the billionaire with young children had worked for since the spring.
the researcher learned which whale the biologist had studied in the wild.
the researcher learned which biologist the whale had studied in the wild.
the researcher learned which whale the biologist in the documentary had studied in the wild.
the researcher learned which biologist the whale in the documentary had studied in the wild.
the researcher learned which biologist the whale had eaten in the ocean.
the researcher learned which whale the biologist had eaten in the ocean.
the researcher learned which biologist the whale in the documentary had eaten in the ocean.
the researcher learned which whale the biologist in the documentary had eaten in the ocean.
the birthday boy saw which friend the clown had scared at the party.
the birthday boy saw which clown the friend had scared at the party.
the birthday boy saw which friend the clown with the balloons had scared at the party.
the birthday boy saw which clown the friend with the balloons had scared at the party.
the birthday boy saw which clown the friend had laughed at during the party.
the birthday boy saw which friend the clown had laughed at during the party.
the birthday boy saw which clown the friend with the balloons had laughed at during the party.
the birthday boy saw which friend the clown with the balloons had laughed at during the party.
the columnist publicized which photographer the celebrity had punched outside the bar.
the columnist publicized which celebrity the photographer had punched outside the bar.
the columnist publicized which photographer the celebrity at the event had punched outside the bar.
the columnist publicized which celebrity the photographer at the event had punched outside the bar.
the columnist publicized which celebrity the photographer had photographed with the camera.
the columnist publicized which photographer the celebrity had photographed with the camera.
the columnist publicized which celebrity the photographer at the event had photographed with the camera.
the columnist publicized which photographer the celebrity at the event had photographed with the camera.
the royal cook asked which lord the chef had served for twenty years.
the royal cook asked which chef the lord had served for twenty years.
the royal cook asked which lord the chef at the castle had served for twenty years.
the royal cook asked which chef the lord at the castle had served for twenty years.
the royal cook asked which chef the lord had preferred over other ones.
the royal cook asked which lord the chef had preferred over other ones.
the royal cook asked which chef the lord at the castle had preferred over other ones.
the royal cook asked which lord the chef at the castle had preferred over other ones.
the trapeze artist indicated which lion the trainer had trained over the years.
the trapeze artist indicated which trainer the lion had trained over the years.
the trapeze artist indicated which lion the trainer at the zoo had trained over the years.
the trapeze artist indicated which trainer the lion at the zoo had trained over the years.
the trapeze artist indicated which trainer the lion had eaten during the show.
the trapeze artist indicated which lion the trainer had eaten during the show.
the trapeze artist indicated which trainer the lion at the zoo had eaten during the show.
the trapeze artist indicated which lion the trainer at the zoo had eaten during the show.
the wildlife curator mentioned which baboon the zookeeper had captured while on safari.
the wildlife curator mentioned which zookeeper the baboon had captured while on safari.
the wildlife curator mentioned which baboon the zookeeper from south africa had captured while on safari.
the wildlife curator mentioned which zookeeper the baboon from south africa had captured while on safari.
the wildlife curator mentioned which zookeeper the baboon had attacked with a stick.
the wildlife curator mentioned which baboon the zookeeper had attacked with a stick.
the wildlife curator mentioned which zookeeper the baboon from south africa had attacked with a stick.
the wildlife curator mentioned which baboon the zookeeper from south africa had attacked with a stick.
the dance instructor noticed which onlookers the performers had impressed during the show.
the dance instructor noticed which performers the onlookers had impressed during the show.
the dance instructor noticed which onlookers the performers at the theater had impressed during the show.
the dance instructor noticed which performers the onlookers at the theater had impressed during the show.
the dance instructor noticed which performers the onlookers had watched from the audience.
the dance instructor noticed which onlookers the performers had watched from the audience.
the dance instructor noticed which performers the onlookers at the theater had watched from the audience.
the dance instructor noticed which onlookers the performers at the theater had watched from the audience.
the ringmaster recognized which cheetah the tamer had trained for a long time.
the ringmaster recognized which tamer the cheetah had trained for a long time.
the ringmaster recognized which cheetah the tamer from the circus had trained for a long time.
the ringmaster recognized which tamer the cheetah from the circus had trained for a long time.
the ringmaster recognized which tamer the cheetah had mauled three years ago.
the ringmaster recognized which cheetah the tamer had mauled three years ago.
the ringmaster recognized which tamer the cheetah from the circus had mauled three years ago.
the ringmaster recognized which cheetah the tamer from the circus had mauled three years ago.
the bird watcher saw which photographer the hawk had attacked during the shoot.
the bird watcher saw which hawk the photographer had attacked during the shoot.
the bird watcher saw which photographer the hawk by the lake had attacked during the shoot.
the bird watcher saw which hawk the photographer by the lake had attacked during the shoot.
the bird watcher saw which hawk the photographer had photographed in the morning.
the bird watcher saw which photographer the hawk had photographed in the morning.
the bird watcher saw which hawk the photographer by the lake had photographed in the morning.
the bird watcher saw which photographer the hawk by the lake had photographed in the morning.
the costume designer confirmed which actor the barber had shaved in the afternoon.
the costume designer confirmed which barber the actor had shaved in the afternoon.
the costume designer confirmed which actor the barber in the studio had shaved in the afternoon.
the costume designer confirmed which barber the actor in the studio had shaved in the afternoon.
the costume designer confirmed which barber the actor had used while getting ready.
the costume designer confirmed which actor the barber had used while getting ready.
the costume designer confirmed which barber the actor in the studio had used while getting ready.
the costume designer confirmed which actor the barber in the studio had used while getting ready.
the young king identified which prince the elephant had trampled during a stampede.
the young king identified which elephant the prince had trampled during a stampede.
the young king identified which prince the elephant from northern india had trampled during a stampede.
the young king identified which elephant the prince from northern india had trampled durng a stampede.
the young king identified which elephant the prince had ridden during the ceremony.
the young king identified which prince the elephant had ridden during the ceremony.
the young king identified which elephant the prince from northern india had ridden during the ceremony.
the young king identified which prince the elephant from northern india had ridden during the ceremony.
the sailor saw which whale the man had harpooned from the ship.
the sailor saw which man the whale had harpooned from the ship.
the sailor saw which whale the man by the island had harpooned from the ship.
the sailor saw which man the whale by the island had harpooned from the ship.
the sailor saw which man the whale had swallowed on the starboard side.
the sailor saw which whale the man had swallowed on the starboard side.
the sailor saw which man the whale by the island had swallowed on the starboard side.
the sailor saw which whale the man by the island had swallowed on the starboard side.
the movie goer recognized which woman the zombie had bitten during the fight.
the movie goer recognized which zombie the woman had bitten during the fight.
the movie goer recognized which woman the zombie in the story had bitten during the fight.
the movie goer recognized which zombie the woman in the story had bitten during the fight.
the movie goer recognized which zombie the woman had shot out of fear.
the movie goer recognized which woman the zombie had shot out of fear.
the movie goer recognized which zombie the woman in the story had shot out of fear.
the movie goer recognized which woman the zombie in the story had shot out of fear.
the broadcaster explained which contestant the judge had chosen to win the prize.
the broadcaster explained which judge the contestant had chosen to win the prize.
the broadcaster explained which contestant the judge on the stage had chosen to win the prize.
the broadcaster explained which judge the contestant on the stage had chosen to win the prize.
the broadcaster explained which judge the contestant had impressed with his answer.
the broadcaster explained which contestant the judge had impressed with his answer.
the broadcaster explained which judge the contestant on the stage had impressed with his answer.
the broadcaster explained which contestant the judge on the stage had impressed with his answer.
the campaign volunteer speculated which mayor the voters had elected earlier that year.
the campaign volunteer speculated which voters the mayor had elected earlier that year.
the campaign volunteer speculated which mayor the voters in the town had elected earlier that year.
the campaign volunteer speculated which voters the mayor in the town had elected earlier that year.
the campaign volunteer speculated which voters the mayor had bribed to win the election.
the campaign volunteer speculated which mayor the voters had bribed to win the election.
the campaign volunteer speculated which voters the mayor in the town had bribed to win the election.
the campaign volunteer speculated which mayor the voters in the town had bribed to win the election.
the producer observed which viewers the acrobats had impressed with their tricks.
the producer observed which acrobats the viewers had impressed with their tricks.
the producer observed which viewers the acrobats from the town had impressed with their tricks.
the producer observed which acrobats the viewers from the town had impressed with their tricks.
the producer observed which acrobats the viewers had watched practicing their tricks.
the producer observed which viewers the acrobats had watched practicing their tricks.
the producer observed which acrobats the viewers from the town had watched practicing their tricks.
the producer observed which viewers the acrobats from the town had watched practicing their tricks.
the queen recognized which nobleman the jester had entertained for many years.
the queen recognized which jester the nobleman had entertained for many years.
the queen recognized which nobleman the jester in the castle had entertained for many years.
the queen recognized which jester the nobleman in the castle had entertained for many years.
the queen recognized which jester the nobleman had enjoyed during the show.
the queen recognized which nobleman the jester had enjoyed during the show.
the queen recognized which jester the nobleman in the castle had enjoyed during the show.
the queen recognized which nobleman the jester in the castle had enjoyed during the show.
the boatman saw which shark the diver had speared just off shore.
the boatman saw which diver the shark had speared just off shore.
the boatman saw which shark the diver near the boat had speared just off shore.
the boatman saw which diver the shark near the boat had speared just off shore.
the boatman saw which diver the shark had eaten in the water.
the boatman saw which shark the diver had eaten in the water.
the boatman saw which diver the shark near the boat had eaten in the water.
the boatman saw which shark the diver near the boat had eaten in the water.
the zoo keeper indicated which donkey the visitor had fed grass by hand.
the zoo keeper indicated which visitor the donkey had fed grass by hand.
the zoo keeper indicated which donkey the visitor at the exhibit had fed grass by hand.
the zoo keeper indicated which visitor the donkey at the exhibit had fed grass by hand.
the zoo keeper indicated which visitor the donkey had kicked out of anger.
the zoo keeper indicated which donkey the visitor had kicked out of anger.
the zoo keeper indicated which visitor the donkey at the exhibit had kicked out of anger.
the zoo keeper indicated which donkey the visitor at the exhibit had kicked out of anger.
the parole officer confirmed which delinquent the psychologist had treated several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which psychologist the delinquent had treated several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which delinquent the psychologist at the institution had treated several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which psychologist the delinquent at the institution had treated several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which psychologist the delinquent had visited several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which delinquent the psychologist had visited several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which psychologist the delinquent at the institution had visited several times already.
the parole officer confirmed which delinquent the psychologist at the institution had visited several times already.
the pet store manager knew which customer the parrot had bitten on the arm.
the pet store manager knew which parrot the customer had bitten on the arm.
the pet store manager knew which customer the parrot by the cashier had bitten on the arm.
the pet store manager knew which parrot the customer by the cashier had bitten on the arm.
the pet store manager knew which parrot the customer had bought for lots of money.
the pet store manager knew which customer the parrot had bought for lots of money.
the pet store manager knew which parrot the customer by the cashier had bought for lots of money.
the pet store manager knew which customer the parrot by the cashier had bought for lots of money.
the art critic identified which model the artist had painted earlier that month.
the art critic identified which artist the model had painted earlier that month.
the art critic identified which model the artist at the gala had painted earlier that month.
the art critic identified which artist the model at the gala had painted earlier that month.
the art critic identified which artist the model had posed for during the shoot.
the art critic identified which model the artist had posed for during the shoot.
the art critic identified which artist the model at the gala had posed for during the shoot.
the art critic identified which model the artist at the gala had posed for during the shoot.
the farmhand recorded which goats the breeder had bred on the farm.
the farmhand recorded which breeder the goats had bred on the farm.
the farmhand recorded which goats the breeder on the mountain had bred on the farm.
the farmhand recorded which breeder the goats on the mountain had bred on the farm.
the farmhand recorded which breeder the goats had belonged to the previous year.
the farmhand recorded which goats the breeder had belonged to the previous year.
the farmhand recorded which breeder the goats on the mountain had belonged to the previous year.
the farmhand recorded which goats the breeder on the mountain had belonged to the previous year.
the bartender recounted which gambler the bouncer had thrown out from the club.
the bartender recounted which bouncer the gambler had thrown out from the club.
the bartender recounted which gambler the bouncer with sleeve tattoos had thrown out from the club.
the bartender recounted which bouncer the gambler with sleeve tattoos had thrown out from the club.
the bartender recounted which bouncer the gambler had fought inside the bar.
the bartender recounted which gambler the bouncer had fought inside the bar.
the bartender recounted which bouncer the gambler with sleeve tattoos had fought inside the bar.
the bartender recounted which gambler the bouncer with sleeve tattoos had fought inside the bar.
the bride forgot which seamstress the bridesmaid had hired for the wedding.
the bride forgot which bridesmaid the seamstress had hired for the wedding.
the bride forgot which seamstress the bridesmaid with a ponytail had hired for the wedding.
the bride forgot which bridesmaid the seamstress with a ponytail had hired for the wedding.
the bride forgot which bridesmaid the seamstress had measured for the dress.
the bride forgot which seamstress the bridesmaid had measured for the dress.
the bride forgot which bridesmaid the seamstress with a ponytail had measured for the dress.
the bride forgot which seamstress the bridesmaid with a ponytail had measured for the dress.
the defense lawyer realized which thief the cop had arrested at the crime scene.
the defense lawyer realized which cop the thief had arrested at the crime scene.
the defense lawyer realized which thief the cop with many freckles had arrested at the crime scene.
the defense lawyer realized which cop the thief with many freckles had arrested at the crime scene.
the defense lawyer realized which cop the thief had shot with his gun.
the defense lawyer realized which thief the cop had shot with his gun.
the defense lawyer realized which cop the thief with many freckles had shot with his gun.
the defense lawyer realized which thief the cop with many freckles had shot with his gun.
the judge reviewed which defendant the lawyer had defended before the jury.
the judge reviewed which lawyer the defendant had defended before the jury.
the judge reviewed which defendant the lawyer in a bowtie had defended before the jury.
the judge reviewed which lawyer the defendant in a bowtie had defended before the jury.
the judge reviewed which lawyer the defendant had hired for the trial.
the judge reviewed which defendant the lawyer had hired for the trial.
the judge reviewed which lawyer the defendant in a bowtie had hired for the trial.
the judge reviewed which defendant the lawyer in a bowtie had hired for the trial.
the manicurist guessed which millionaire the hairdresser had worked for during the summer.
the manicurist guessed which hairdresser the millionaire had worked for during the summer.
the manicurist guessed which millionaire the hairdresser from southern california had worked for during the summer.
the manicurist guessed which hairdresser the millionaire from southern california had worked for during the summer.
the manicurist guessed which hairdresser the millionaire had used for the event.
the manicurist guessed which millionaire the hairdresser had used for the event.
the manicurist guessed which hairdresser the millionaire from southern california had used for the event.
the manicurist guessed which millionaire the hairdresser from southern california had used for the event.
the old sailor recounted which monkey the pirate had owned on his ship.
the old sailor recounted which pirate the monkey had owned on his ship.
the old sailor recounted which monkey the pirate on the ship had owned on his ship.
the old sailor recounted which pirate the monkey on the ship had owned on his ship.
the old sailor recounted which pirate the monkey had bitten with his teeth.
the old sailor recounted which monkey the pirate had bitten with his teeth.
the old sailor recounted which pirate the monkey on the ship had bitten with his teeth.
the old sailor recounted which monkey the pirate on the ship had bitten with his teeth.
the personal assistant revealed which senator the chauffeur had driven to the meeting.
the personal assistant revealed which chauffeur the senator had driven to the meeting.
the personal assistant revealed which senator the chauffeur in a suit had driven to the meeting.
the personal assistant revealed which chauffeur the senator in a suit had driven to the meeting.
the personal assistant revealed which chauffeur the senator had fired for being incompetent.
the personal assistant revealed which senator the chauffeur had fired for being incompetent.
the personal assistant revealed which chauffeur the senator in a suit had fired for being incompetent.
the personal assistant revealed which senator the chauffeur in a suit had fired for being incompetent.
the physical therapist marked which gymnist the nutritionist had advised before the competition.
the physical therapist marked which nutritionist the gymnist had advised before the competition.
the physical therapist marked which gymnist the nutritionist with short hair had advised before the competition.
the physical therapist marked which nutritionist the gymnist with short hair had advised before the competition.
the physical therapist marked which nutritionist the gymnist had consulted before the meet.
the physical therapist marked which gymnist the nutritionist had consulted before the meet.
the physical therapist marked which nutritionist the gymnist with short hair had consulted before the meet.
the physical therapist marked which gymnist the nutritionist with short hair had consulted before the meet.
the plumber guessed which architect the homeowner had hired for the job.
the plumber guessed which homeowner the architect had hired for the job.
the plumber guessed which architect the homeowner on the phone had hired for the job.
the plumber guessed which homeowner the architect on the phone had hired for the job.
the plumber guessed which homeowner the architect had helped with his advice.
the plumber guessed which architect the homeowner had helped with his advice.
the plumber guessed which homeowner the architect on the phone had helped with his advice.
the plumber guessed which architect the homeowner on the phone had helped with his advice.
the secretary recalled which intern the manager had fired for being late.
the secretary recalled which manager the intern had fired for being late.
the secretary recalled which intern the manager with thick glasses had fired for being late.
the secretary recalled which manager the intern with thick glasses had fired for being late.
the secretary recalled which manager the intern had worked for the previous month.
the secretary recalled which intern the manager had worked for the previous month.
the secretary recalled which manager the intern with thick glasses had worked for the previous month.
the secretary recalled which intern the manager with thick glasses had worked for the previous month.
the stage manager concealed which dancer the pervert had groped during the show.
the stage manager concealed which pervert the dancer had groped during the show.
the stage manager concealed which dancer the pervert with the ponytail had groped during the show.
the stage manager concealed which pervert the dancer with the ponytail had groped during the show.
the stage manager concealed which pervert the dancer had slapped with her hand.
the stage manager concealed which dancer the pervert had slapped with her hand.
the stage manager concealed which pervert the dancer with the ponytail had slapped with her hand.
the stage manager concealed which dancer the pervert with the ponytail had slapped with her hand.
the testifier identified which junkie the officer had arrested during the bust.
the testifier identified which officer the junkie had arrested during the bust.
the testifier identified which junkie the officer with dark hair had arrested during the bust.
the testifier identified which officer the junkie with dark hair had arrested during the bust.
the testifier identified which officer the junkie had attacked during the arrest.
the testifier identified which junkie the officer had attacked during the arrest.
the testifier identified which officer the junkie with dark hair had attacked during the arrest.
the testifier identified which junkie the officer with dark hair had attacked during the arrest.
the librarian documented which celebrity the journalist had written about for the magazine.
the librarian documented which journalist the celebrity had written about for the magazine.
the librarian documented which celebrity the journalist from the netherlands had written about for the magazine.
the librarian documented which journalist the celebrity from the netherlands had written about for the magazine.
the old widower remembered which villager the ghost had scared for many years.
the old widower remembered which ghost the villager had scared for many years.
the old widower remembered which villager the ghost in the church had scared for many years.
the old widower remembered which ghost the villager in the church had scared for many years.
the park ranger documented which hunter the eagle had attacked with a rifle.
the park ranger documented which eagle the hunter had attacked with a rifle.
the park ranger documented which hunter the eagle in the woods had attacked with a rifle.
the park ranger documented which eagle the hunter in the woods had attacked with a rifle.
the head nun explained which friar the temptress had tempted after sunday mass.
the head nun explained which temptress the friar had tempted after sunday mass.
the head nun explained which friar the temptress from the village had tempted after sunday mass.
the head nun explained which temptress the friar from the village had tempted after sunday mass.
tracy announced which applicant the administrator had hired after the interview.
tracy announced which administrator the applicant had hired after the interview.
tracy announced which applicant the administrator in a suit had hired after the interview.
tracy announced which administrator the applicant in a suit had hired after the interview.
the police officer noted which burglar the jeweler had identified from the tapes.
the police officer noted which jeweler the burglar had identified from the tapes.
the police officer noted which burglar the jeweler at the mall had identified from the tapes.
the police officer noted which jeweler the burglar at the mall had identified from the tapes.
the aid worker realized which refugee the philanthropist had helped from the camp.
the aid worker realized which philanthropist the refugee had helped from the camp.
the aid worker realized which refugee the philanthropist with brown eyes had helped from the camp.
the aid worker realized which philanthropist the refugee with brown eyes had helped from the camp.
the camper reported which girl the bear had attacked in the forest.
the camper reported which bear the girl had attacked in the forest.
the camper reported which girl the bear on the path had attacked in the forest.
the camper reported which bear the girl on the path had attacked in the forest.
the high schooler heard which geek the jock had bullied in the hall.
the high schooler heard which jock the geek had bullied in the hall.
the high schooler heard which geek the jock in eighth grade had bullied in the hall.
the high schooler heard which jock the geek in eighth grade had bullied in the hall.
the parent saw which child the lifeguard had rescued at the pool.
the parent saw which lifeguard the child had rescued at the pool.
the parent saw which child the lifeguard in red shorts had rescued at the pool.
the parent saw which lifeguard the child in red shorts had rescued at the pool.
the investigator discovered which couple the abductor had kidnapped during their vacation.
the investigator discovered which abductor the couple had kidnapped during their vacation.
the investigator discovered which couple the abductor with blonde hair had kidnapped during their vacation.
the investigator discovered which abductor the couple with blonde hair had kidnapped during their vacation.
the jail keeper forgot which guard the prisoner had attacked with his left arm.
the jail keeper forgot which prisoner the guard had attacked with his left arm.
the jail keeper forgot which guard the prisoner in the cafeteria had attacked with his left arm.
the jail keeper forgot which prisoner the guard in the cafeteria had attacked with his left arm.
the sheriff recalled which locals the gangsters had robbed for their money.
the sheriff recalled which gangsters the locals had robbed for their money.
the sheriff recalled which locals the gangsters in the alleyway had robbed for their money.
the sheriff recalled which gangsters the locals in the alleyway had robbed for their money.
tonia explained which housewife the conman had conned over the phone.
tonia explained which conman the housewife had conned over the phone.
tonia explained which housewife the conman with the stutter had conned over the phone.
tonia explained which conman the housewife with the stutter had conned over the phone.
anna understood which soldier the doctor had treated for several injuries.
anna understood which doctor the soldier had treated for several injuries.
anna understood which soldier the doctor in the barracks had treated for several injuries.
anna understood which doctor the soldier in the barracks had treated for several injuries.
the newscaster confirmed which fugitive the detective had arrested following the robbery.
the newscaster confirmed which detective the fugitive had arrested following the robbery.
the newscaster confirmed which fugitive the detective with a gun had arrested following the robbery.
the newscaster confirmed which detective the fugitive with a gun had arrested following the robbery.
the opera composer revealed which singer the pirate had killed with great finesse.
the opera composer revealed which pirate the singer had killed with great finesse.
the opera composer revealed which singer the pirate with blue eyes had killed with great finesse.
the opera composer revealed which pirate the singer with blue eyes had killed with great finesse.
the prison warden guessed which jailer the inmate had stabbed in the face.
the prison warden guessed which inmate the jailer had stabbed in the face.
the prison warden guessed which jailer the inmate at the facility had stabbed in the face.
the prison warden guessed which inmate the jailer at the facility had stabbed in the face.
the reporter inquired which animals the groomer had groomed with a brush.
the reporter inquired which groomer the animals had groomed with a brush.
the reporter inquired which animals the groomer at the zoo had groomed with a brush.
the reporter inquired which groomer the animals at the zoo had groomed with a brush.
the ape researcher identified which chimpanzee the poacher had shot from a distance.
the ape researcher identified which poacher the chimpanzee had shot from a distance.
the ape researcher identified which chimpanzee the poacher in the jungle had shot from a distance.
the ape researcher identified which poacher the chimpanzee in the jungle had shot from a distance.
the committee member guessed which advisors the president had consulted during the meeting.
the committee member guessed which president the advisors had consulted during the meeting.
the committee member guessed which advisors the president at the meeting had consulted during the meeting.
the committee member guessed which president the advisors at the meeting had consulted during the meeting.
the military man knew which general the soldiers had respected after their tour.
the military man knew which soldiers the general had respected after their tour.
the military man knew which general the soldiers on the field had respected after their tour.
the military man knew which soldiers the general on the field had respected after their tour.
the policeman knew which suspect the detective had arrested earlier that day.
the policeman knew which detective the suspect had arrested earlier that day.
the policeman knew which suspect the detective with a cap had arrested earlier that day.
the policeman knew which detective the suspect with a cap had arrested earlier that day.
the priest knew which exorcist the demon had possessed during the night.
the priest knew which demon the exorcist had possessed during the night.
the priest knew which exorcist the demon at the graveyard had possessed during the night.
the priest knew which demon the exorcist at the graveyard had possessed during the night.
the four-year-old knew which hero the dragon had eaten in the cave.
the four-year-old knew which dragon the hero had eaten in the cave.
the four-year-old knew which hero the dragon in the story had eaten in the cave.
the four-year-old knew which dragon the hero in the story had eaten in the cave.
the security guard investigated which loiterer the patrolman had arrested for being suspicious.
the security guard investigated which patrolman the loiterer had arrested for being suspicious.
the security guard investigated which loiterer the patrolman in the building had arrested for being suspicious.
the security guard investigated which patrolman the loiterer in the building had arrested for being suspicious.
the advisor determined which student the professor had taught on multiple occasions.
the advisor determined which professor the student had taught on multiple occasions.
the advisor determined which student the professor from the philippines had taught on multiple occasions.
the advisor determined which professor the student from the philippines had taught on multiple occasions.
the aunt surmised which uncle the nephew had favored with many gifts.
the aunt surmised which nephew the uncle had favored with many gifts.
the aunt surmised which nephew the uncle with thick glasses had favored with many gifts.
the aunt surmised which uncle the nephew with thick glasses had favored with many gifts.
the office worker noted which secretary the supervisor had fired from the job.
the office worker noted which supervisor the secretary had fired from the job.
the office worker noted which secretary the supervisor at the meeting had fired from the job.
the office worker noted which supervisor the secretary at the meeting had fired from the job.
the doctor inquired which sociopath the psychotherapist had treated for many years.
the doctor inquired which psychotherapist the sociopath had treated for many years.
the doctor inquired which sociopath the psychotherapist with curly hair had treated for many years.
the doctor inquired which psychotherapist the sociopath with curly hair had treated for many years.
the manager asked which visitor the receptionist had greeted before the meeting.
the manager asked which receptionist the visitor had greeted before the meeting.
the manager asked which visitor the receptionist in the lobby had greeted before the meeting.
the manager asked which receptionist the visitor in the lobby had greeted before the meeting.
the monk indicated which leper the nun had healed at the church.
the monk indicated which nun the leper had healed at the church.
the monk indicated which leper the nun from the village had healed at the church.
the monk indicated which nun the leper from the village had healed at the church.
the press secretary acknowledged which politician the informant had identified during the trial.
the press secretary acknowledged which informant the politician had identified during the trial.
the press secretary acknowledged which politician the informant in the photo had identified during the trial.
the press secretary acknowledged which informant the politician in the photo had identified during the trial.
the seer indicated which priestess the goat had bitten on the leg.
the seer indicated which goat the priestess had bitten on the leg.
the seer indicated which priestess the goat in the meadow had bitten on the leg.
the seer indicated which goat the priestess in the meadow had bitten on the leg.
the sound technician named which guitarist the stagehand had helped at the concert.
the sound technician named which stagehand the guitarist had helped at the concert.
the sound technician named which guitarist the stagehand with spikey hair had helped at the concert.
the sound technician named which stagehand the guitarist with spikey hair had helped at the concert.
the trumpeter knew which musician the director had fired before the event.
the trumpeter knew which director the musician had fired before the event.
the trumpeter knew which musician the director on the stage had fired before the event.
the trumpeter knew which director the musician on the stage had fired before the event.
the watchman inquired which teenager the gangsters had beaten in the alley.
the watchman inquired which gangsters the teenager had beaten in the alley.
the watchman inquired which teenager the gangsters on the streets had beaten in the alley.
the watchman inquired which gangsters the teenager on the streets had beaten in the alley.
the witness identified which jogger the driver had ran over during the night.
the witness identified which driver the jogger had ran over during the night.
the witness identified which jogger the driver with grey hair had ran over during the night.
the witness identified which driver the jogger with grey hair had ran over during the night.
