the tenant inquired which neighbor the landlord had evicted from the apartment complex.
the tenant inquired which exterminator the landlord had evicted from the apartment complex.
the exterminator inquired which neighbor the landlord had evicted from the apartment complex.
the neighbor inquired which exterminator the landlord had evicted from the apartment complex.
the tenant inquired which exterminator the landlord had hired for the job.
the tenant inquired which neighbor the landlord had hired for the job.
the neighbor inquired which exterminator the landlord had hired for the job.
the exterminator inquired which neighbor the landlord had hired for the job.
the general heard which terrorist the corporal had captured during the stakeout.
the general heard which comrade the corporal had captured during the stakeout.
the comrade heard which terrorist the corporal had captured during the stakeout.
the terrorist heard which comrade the corporal had captured during the stakeout.
the general heard which comrade the corporal had promoted in the army.
the general heard which terrorist the corporal had promoted in the army.
the terrorist heard which comrade the corporal had promoted in the army.
the comrade heard which terrorist the corporal had promoted in the army.
the vice principal saw which rascal the teacher had punished with a detention note.
the vice principal saw which nerd the teacher had punished with a detention note.
the nerd saw which rascal the teacher had punished with a detention note.
the rascal saw which nerd the teacher had punished with a detention note.
the vice principal saw which nerd the teacher had praised in the classroom.
the vice principal saw which rascal the teacher had praised in the classroom.
the rascal saw which nerd the teacher had praised in the classroom.
the nerd saw which rascal the teacher had praised in the classroom.
the journalist wrote which foodie the chef had served at the restaurant.
the journalist wrote which waiter the chef had served at the restaurant.
the waiter wrote which foodie the chef had served at the restaurant.
the foodie wrote which waiter the chef had served at the restaurant.
the journalist wrote which waiter the chef had yelled at for being incompetent.
the journalist wrote which foodie the chef had yelled at for being incompetent.
the foodie wrote which waiter the chef had yelled at for being incompetent.
the waiter wrote which foodie the chef had yelled at for being incompetent.
the secretary forgot which addict the therapist had treated at the clinic.
the secretary forgot which doctor the therapist had treated at the clinic.
the doctor forgot which addict the therapist had treated at the clinic.
the addict forgot which doctor the therapist had treated at the clinic.
the secretary forgot which doctor the therapist had recommended for him to go to.
the secretary forgot which addict the therapist had recommended for him to go to.
the addict forgot which doctor the therapist had recommended for him to go to.
the doctor forgot which addict the therapist had recommended for him to go to.
the babysitter learned which baby the mother had adopted several weeks ago.
the babysitter learned which teenager the mother had adopted several weeks ago.
the teenager learned which baby the mother had adopted several weeks ago.
the baby learned which teenager the mother had adopted several weeks ago.
the babysitter learned which teenager the mother had punished for being late.
the babysitter learned which baby the mother had punished for being late.
the baby learned which teenager the mother had punished for being late.
the teenager learned which baby the mother had punished for being late.
the executive revealed which clerk the manager had promoted to a higher position.
the executive revealed which customer the manager had promoted to a higher position.
the customer revealed which clerk the manager had promoted to a higher position.
the clerk revealed which customer the manager had promoted to a higher position.
the administrator heard which patient the doctor had treated in the hospital room.
the administrator heard which nurse the doctor had treated in the hospital room.
the nurse heard which patient the doctor had treated in the hospital room.
the patient heard which nurse the doctor had treated in the hospital room.
the administrator heard which nurse the doctor had hired to assist him.
the administrator heard which patient the doctor had hired to assist him.
the patient heard which nurse the doctor had hired to assist him.
the nurse heard which patient the doctor had hired to assist him.
the author revealed which ogre the hero had slain in the cave.
the author revealed which maiden the hero had slain in the cave.
the maiden revealed which ogre the hero had slain in the cave.
the ogre revealed which maiden the hero had slain in the cave.
the author revealed which maiden the hero had rescued after the fight.
the author revealed which ogre the hero had rescued after the fight.
the ogre revealed which maiden the hero had rescued after the fight.
the maiden revealed which ogre the hero had rescued after the fight.
the bartender knew which troublemakers the regulars had fought after getting drunk.
the bartender knew which barmaids the regulars had fought after getting drunk.
the barmaids knew which troublemakers the regulars had fought after getting drunk.
the troublemakers knew which barmaids the regulars had fought after getting drunk.
the bartender knew which barmaids the regulars had tipped extra money to.
the bartender knew which troublemakers the regulars had tipped extra money to.
the troublemakers knew which barmaids the regulars had tipped extra money to.
the barmaids knew which troublemakers the regulars had tipped extra money to.
the businessman overheard which libelist the executive had sued at the court.
the businessman overheard which clerk the executive had sued at the court.
the clerk overheard which libelist the executive had sued at the court.
the libelist overheard which clerk the executive had sued at the court.
the businessman overheard which clerk the executive had promoted in the company.
the businessman overheard which libelist the executive had promoted in the company.
the libelist overheard which clerk the executive had promoted in the company.
the clerk overheard which libelist the executive had promoted in the company.
the butler speculated which guests the master had invited to his manor.
the butler speculated which servants the master had invited to his manor.
the servants speculated which guests the master had invited to his manor.
the guests speculated which servants the master had invited to his manor.
the butler speculated which servants the master had fired from the job.
the butler speculated which guests the master had fired from the job.
the guests speculated which servants the master had fired from the job.
the servants speculated which guests the master had fired from the job.
the comic book artist announced which sidekick the superhero had chosen as his partner.
the comic book artist announced which villain the superhero had chosen as his partner.
the villain announced which sidekick the superhero had chosen as his partner.
the sidekick announced which villain the superhero had chosen as his partner.
the department chair stated which cheater the professor had caught during the exam.
the department chair stated which proctor the professor had caught during the exam.
the proctor stated which cheater the professor had caught during the exam.
the cheater stated which proctor the professor had caught during the exam.
the department chair stated which proctor the professor had used for the final test.
the department chair stated which cheater the professor had used for the final test.
the cheater stated which proctor the professor had used for the final test.
the proctor stated which cheater the professor had used for the final test.
the deputy deduced which hooligan the gangster had recruited for the assignment.
the deputy deduced which victim the gangster had recruited for the assignment.
the victim deduced which hooligan the gangster had recruited for the assignment.
the hooligan deduced which victim the gangster had recruited for the assignment.
the deputy deduced which victim the gangster had robbed in the alleyway.
the deputy deduced which hooligan the gangster had robbed in the alleyway.
the hooligan deduced which victim the gangster had robbed in the alleyway.
the victim deduced which hooligan the gangster had robbed in the alleyway.
the fairy princess described which demons the sorceress had summoned with her spell.
the fairy princess described which newts the sorceress had summoned with her spell.
the newts described which demons the sorceress had summoned with her spell.
the demons described which newts the sorceress had summoned with her spell.
the fairy princess described which newts the sorceress had used in the potion.
the fairy princess described which demons the sorceress had used in the potion.
the demons described which newts the sorceress had used in the potion.
the newts described which demons the sorceress had used in the potion.
the journalist reported which opponent the politician had defeated in the election.
the journalist reported which voters the politician had defeated in the election.
the voters reported which opponent the politician had defeated in the election.
the opponent reported which voters the politician had defeated in the election.
the journalist reported which voters the politician had bribed with his money.
the journalist reported which opponent the politician had bribed with his money.
the opponent reported which voters the politician had bribed with his money.
the voters reported which opponent the politician had bribed with his money.
the paleoanthropologist discovered which goddess the caveman had worshipped with his murals.
the paleoanthropologist discovered which animal the caveman had worshipped with his murals.
the animal discovered which goddess the caveman had worshipped with his murals.
the goddess discovered which animal the caveman had worshipped with his murals.
the paleoanthropologist discovered which animal the caveman had eaten during the winter.
the paleoanthropologist discovered which goddess the caveman had eaten during the winter.
the goddess discovered which animal the caveman had eaten during the winter.
the animal discovered which goddess the caveman had eaten during the winter.
the reporter publicized which golddigger the millionaire had married the previous week.
the reporter publicized which entrepreneur the millionaire had married the previous week.
the entrepreneur publicized which golddigger the millionaire had married the previous week.
the golddigger publicized which entrepreneur the millionaire had married the previous week.
the reporter publicized which entrepreneur the millionaire had invested in for the fiscal year.
the reporter publicized which golddigger the millionaire had invested in for the fiscal year.
the golddigger publicized which entrepreneur the millionaire had invested in for the fiscal year.
the entrepreneur publicized which golddigger the millionaire had invested in for the fiscal year.
the secret serviceman concealed which assassin the agent had shot in the chest.
the secret serviceman concealed which ex-president the agent had shot in the chest.
the ex-president concealed which assassin the agent had shot in the chest.
the assassin concealed which ex-president the agent had shot in the chest.
the secret serviceman concealed which ex-president the agent had protected from the bullet.
the secret serviceman concealed which assassin the agent had protected from the bullet.
the assassin concealed which ex-president the agent had protected from the bullet.
the ex-president concealed which assassin the agent had protected from the bullet.
the storyteller explained which princess the prince had saved with his bravery.
the storyteller explained which dragon the prince had saved with his bravery.
the dragon explained which princess the prince had saved with his bravery.
the princess explained which dragon the prince had saved with his bravery.
the storyteller explained which dragon the prince had slain with his sword.
the storyteller explained which princess the prince had slain with his sword.
the princess explained which dragon the prince had slain with his sword.
the dragon explained which princess the prince had slain with his sword.
the swim team recalled which champion the swimmer had beaten during the race.
the swim team recalled which lifeguard the swimmer had beaten during the race.
the lifeguard recalled which champion the swimmer had beaten during the race.
the champion recalled which lifeguard the swimmer had beaten during the race.
the swim team recalled which lifeguard the swimmer had saved by giving cpr.
the swim team recalled which champion the swimmer had saved by giving cpr.
the champion recalled which lifeguard the swimmer had saved by giving cpr.
the lifeguard recalled which champion the swimmer had saved by giving cpr.
the teacher remembered which delinquent the principal had punished after the scuffle.
the teacher remembered which overacheiver the principal had punished after the scuffle.
the overacheiver remembered which delinquent the principal had punished after the scuffle.
the delinquent remembered which overacheiver the principal had punished after the scuffle.
the teacher remembered which overacheiver the principal had praised for good grades.
the teacher remembered which delinquent the principal had praised for good grades.
the delinquent remembered which overacheiver the principal had praised for good grades.
the overacheiver remembered which delinquent the principal had praised for good grades.
the team manager knew which athlete the officials had penalized during the match.
the team manager knew which umpire the officials had penalized during the match.
the umpire knew which athlete the officials had penalized during the match.
the athlete knew which umpire the officials had penalized during the match.
the team manager knew which umpire the officials had selected to be at the game.
the team manager knew which athlete the officials had selected to be at the game.
the athlete knew which umpire the officials had selected to be at the game.
the umpire knew which athlete the officials had selected to be at the game.
the pharmacist realized which customer the physician had helped in the examination room.
the pharmacist realized which specialist the physician had helped in the examination room.
the specialist realized which customer the physician had helped in the examination room.
the customer realized which specialist the physician had helped in the examination room.
the pharmacist realized which specialist the physician had recommended for further analysis.
the pharmacist realized which customer the physician had recommended for further analysis.
the customer realized which specialist the physician had recommended for further analysis.
the specialist realized which customer the physician had recommended for further analysis.
the woman understood which pharmacist the psychiatrist had recommended to take a visit to.
the woman understood which addict the psychiatrist had recommended to take a visit to.
the addict understood which pharmacist the psychiatrist had recommended to take a visit to.
the pharmicist understood which addict the psychiatrist had recommended to take a visit to.
the woman understood which addict the psychiatrist had treated for several months.
the woman understood which pharmacist the psychiatrist had treated for several months.
the pharmicist understood which addict the psychiatrist had treated for several months.
the addict understood which pharmacist the psychiatrist had treated for several months.
the reporter mentioned which believer the psychic had read the future for.
the reporter mentioned which skeptic the psychic had read the future for.
the skeptic mentioned which believer the psychic had read the future for.
the believer mentioned which skeptic the psychic had read the future for.
the reporter mentioned which skeptic the psychic had convinced with her act.
the reporter mentioned which believer the psychic had convinced with her act.
the believer mentioned which skeptic the psychic had convinced with her act.
the skeptic mentioned which believer the psychic had convinced with her act.
the editor knew which cameraman the anthropologist had used for the expedition.
the editor knew which tribesman the anthropologist had used for the expedition.
the tribesman knew which cameraman the anthropologist had used for the expedition.
the cameraman knew which tribesman the anthropologist had used for the expedition.
the editor knew which tribesman the anthropologist had studied for the last year.
the editor knew which cameraman the anthropologist had studied for the last year.
the cameraman knew which tribesman the anthropologist had studied for the last year.
the tribesman knew which cameraman the anthropologist had studied for the last year.
the intern heard which surgeon the dentist had recommended for a follow-up.
the intern heard which patient the dentist had recommended for a follow-up.
the patient heard which surgeon the dentist had recommended for a follow-up.
the surgeon heard which patient the dentist had recommended for a follow-up.
the intern heard which patient the dentist had injured during the check-up.
the intern heard which surgeon the dentist had injured during the check-up.
the surgeon heard which patient the dentist had injured during the check-up.
the patient heard which surgeon the dentist had injured during the check-up.
the king saw which damsel the superhero had saved from the fire.
the king saw which villain the superhero had saved from the fire.
the villain saw which damsel the superhero had saved from the fire.
the damsel saw which villain the superhero had saved from the fire.
the king saw which villain the superhero had defeated in the battle.
the king saw which damsel the superhero had defeated in the battle.
the damsel saw which villain the superhero had defeated in the battle.
the villain saw which damsel the superhero had defeated in the battle.
the principal observed which perfectionist the teacher had praised for good work.
the principal observed which troublemaker the teacher had praised for good work.
the troublemaker observed which perfectionist the teacher had praised for good work.
the perfectionist observed which troublemaker the teacher had praised for good work.
the principal observed which troublemaker the teacher had punished for starting a fight.
the principal observed which perfectionist the teacher had punished for starting a fight.
the perfectionist observed which troublemaker the teacher had punished for starting a fight.
the troublemaker observed which perfectionist the teacher had punished for starting a fight.
the regulars saw which patron the owner had served a beer to.
the regulars saw which bartender the owner had served a beer to.
the bartender saw which patron the owner had served a beer to.
the patron saw which bartender the owner had served a beer to.
the regulars saw which bartender the owner had fired from the position.
the regulars saw which patron the owner had fired from the position.
the patron saw which bartender the owner had fired from the position.
the bartender saw which patron the owner had fired from the position.
the bookie knew which jockey the horse had thrown during the tourney.
the bookie knew which gambler the horse had thrown during the tourney.
the gambler knew which jockey the horse had thrown during the tourney.
the jockey knew which gambler the horse had thrown during the tourney.
the school nurse knew which dentist the kid had visited the previous day.
the school nurse knew which administrator the kid had visited the previous day.
the administrator knew which dentist the kid had visited the previous day.
the dentist knew which administrator the kid had visited the previous day.
the guide asked which pickpocket the tourist had caught trying to steal.
the guide asked which villager the tourist had caught trying to steal.
the villager asked which pickpocket the tourist had caught trying to steal.
the pickpocket asked which villager the tourist had caught trying to steal.
the officer knew which boss the striker had targeted during the riot.
the officer knew which activist the striker had targeted during the riot.
the activist knew which boss the striker had targeted during the riot.
the boss knew which activist the striker had targeted during the riot.
the clubber explained which artists the dj had played at the club.
the clubber explained which blogger the dj had played at the club.
the blogger explained which artists the dj had played at the club.
the artists explained which blogger the dj had played at the club.
the classmate guessed which freshman the ta had dated the previous semester.
the classmate guessed which lecturer the ta had dated the previous semester.
the lecturer guessed which freshman the ta had dated the previous semester.
the freshman guessed which lecturer the ta had dated the previous semester.
the champion stated which wrestler the referee had disqualified from the match.
the champion stated which announcer the referee had disqualified from the match.
the announcer stated which wrestler the referee had disqualified from the match.
the wrestler stated which announcer the referee had disqualified from the match.
the aide stated which prisoner the guard had beaten in the jailhouse.
the aide stated which diplomat the guard had beaten in the jailhouse.
the diplomat stated which prisoner the guard had beaten in the jailhouse.
the prisoner stated which diplomat the guard had beaten in the jailhouse.
the executive revealed which customer the manager had helped on the phone.
the executive revealed which clerk the manager had helped on the phone.
the clerk revealed which customer the manager had helped on the phone.
the customer revealed which clerk the manager had helped on the phone.
the chief overheard which criminal the police had caught during the bust.
the chief overheard which informant the police had caught during the bust.
the informant overheard which criminal the police had caught during the bust.
the criminal overheard which informant the police had caught during the bust.
the employee heard which slacker the boss had fired for being lazy.
the employee heard which go-getter the boss had fired for being lazy.
the go-getter heard which slacker the boss had fired for being lazy.
the slacker heard which go-getter the boss had fired for being lazy.
the child observed which biologist the zookeeper had hired for the exhibit.
the child observed which tourist the zookeeper had hired for the exhibit.
the tourist observed which biologist the zookeeper had hired for the exhibit.
the biologist observed which tourist the zookeeper had hired for the exhibit.
the ceo guessed which employee the manager had fired for missing work.
the ceo guessed which customer the manager had fired for missing work.
the customer guessed which employee the manager had fired for missing work.
the employee guessed which customer the manager had fired for missing work.
the fan surmised which agent the actress had hired for the audition.
the fan surmised which admirer the actress had hired for the audition.
the admirer surmised which agent the actress had hired for the audition.
the agent surmised which admirer the actress had hired for the audition.
the anchorman reported which candidate the senator had defeated in the last election.
the anchorman reported which supporter the senator had defeated in the last election.
the supporter reported which candidate the senator had defeated in the last election.
the candidate reported which supporter the senator had defeated in the last election.
the announcer stated which rival the player had defeated during the game.
the announcer stated which teammate the player had defeated during the game.
the teammate stated which rival the player had defeated during the game.
the rival stated which teammate the player had defeated during the game.
the assistant verified which worker the employer had fired the previous month.
the assistant verified which applicant the employer had fired the previous month.
the applicant verified which worker the employer had fired the previous month.
the worker verified which applicant the employer had fired the previous month.
the beggar saw which leper the wiseman had cured with his healing.
the beggar saw which prophet the wiseman had cured with his healing.
the prophet saw which leper the wiseman had cured with his healing.
the leper saw which prophet the wiseman had cured with his healing.
the captain realized which stowaway the sailor had hidden in the cargo area.
the captain realized which landlubber the sailor had hidden in the cargo area.
the landlubber realized which stowaway the sailor had hidden in the cargo area.
the stowaway realized which landlubber the sailor had hidden in the cargo area.
the circus goers explained which child the clown had scared with his trick.
the circus goers explained which juggler the clown had scared with his trick.
the juggler explained which child the clown had scared with his trick.
the child explained which juggler the clown had scared with his trick.
the columnist publicized which stylist the supermodel had used for the fashion show.
the columnist publicized which billionaire the supermodel had used for the fashion show.
the billionaire publicized which stylist the supermodel had used for the fashion show.
the stylist publicized which billionaire the supermodel had used for the fashion show.
the correspondent reported which contestants the judges had chosen for the game show.
the correspondent reported which spectators the judges had chosen for the game show.
the spectators reported which contestants the judges had chosen for the game show.
the contestants reported which spectators the judges had chosen for the game show.
the editor published which orphan the philanthropist had adopted at a young age.
the editor published which volunteer the philanthropist had adopted at a young age.
the volunteer published which orphan the philanthropist had adopted at a young age.
the orphan published which volunteer the philanthropist had adopted at a young age.
the football fan heard which cheerleader the quarterback had dated during the semester.
the football fan heard which linebacker the quarterback had dated during the semester.
the linebacker heard which cheerleader the quarterback had dated during the semester.
the cheerleader heard which linebacker the quarterback had dated during the semester.
the general knew which activist the dictator had imprisoned during the trials.
the general knew which supporter the dictator had imprisoned during the trials.
the supporter knew which activist the dictator had imprisoned during the trials.
the activist knew which supporter the dictator had imprisoned during the trials.
the historian knew which queen the king had married in the palace.
the historian knew which prince the king had married in the palace.
the prince knew which queen the king had married in the palace.
the queen knew which prince the king had married in the palace.
the historian recorded which patriot the king had knighted during the ceremony.
the historian recorded which traitor the king had knighted during the ceremony.
the traitor recorded which patriot the king had knighted during the ceremony.
the patriot recorded which traitor the king had knighted during the ceremony.
the history major learned which mercenaries the emperor had employed to work for him.
the history major learned which rebels the emperor had employed to work for him.
the rebel learned which mercenaries the emperor had employed to work for him.
the mercenaries learned which rebels the emperor had employed to work for him.
the investigator confirmed which gunman the criminal had hired during the heist.
the investigator confirmed which cop the criminal had hired during the heist.
the cop confirmed which gunman the criminal had hired during the heist.
the gunman confirmed which cop the criminal had hired during the heist.
the manager guessed which client the technician had helped earlier that day.
the manager guessed which intern the technician had helped earlier that day.
the intern guessed which client the technician had helped earlier that day.
the client guessed which intern the technician had helped earlier that day.
the monk recalled which sinner the priest had forgiven during the morning mass.
the monk recalled which cardinal the priest had forgiven during the morning mass.
the cardinal recalled which sinner the priest had forgiven during the morning mass.
the sinner recalled which cardinal the priest had forgiven during the morning mass.
the movie buff speculated which actor the stuntman had replaced in the movie shot.
the movie buff speculated which director the stuntman had replaced in the movie shot.
the director speculated which actor the stuntman had replaced in the movie shot.
the actor speculated which director the stuntman had replaced in the movie shot.
the police woman recognized which lieutenant the officer had promoted to a higher rank.
the police woman recognized which thief the officer had promoted to a higher rank.
the theif recognized which lieutenant the officer had promoted to a higher rank.
the lieutenant recognized which thief the officer had promoted to a higher rank.
the politician forgot which voter the senator had bribed to help him win.
the politician forgot which intern the senator had bribed to help him win.
the intern forgot which voter the senator had bribed to help him win.
the voter forgot which intern the senator had bribed to help him win.
the priest mentioned which nonbeliever the nun had converted at the church.
the priest mentioned which archbishop the nun had converted at the church.
the archbishop mentioned which nonbeliever the nun had converted at the church.
the nonbeliever mentioned which archbishop the nun had converted at the church.
the priestess named which warrior the deity had blessed during the prayer ceremony.
the priestess named which infidel the deity had blessed during the prayer ceremony.
the infidel named which warrior the deity had blessed during the prayer ceremony.
the warrior named which infidel the deity had blessed during the prayer ceremony.
the principal forgot which parent the teacher had called to meet with.
the principal forgot which student the teacher had called to meet with.
the student forgot which parent the teacher had called to meet with.
the parent forgot which student the teacher had called to meet with.
the reviewer criticized which researchers the authors had cited in their paper.
the reviewer criticized which participants the authors had cited in their paper.
the participants criticized which researchers the authors had cited in their paper.
the researchers criticized which participants the authors had cited in their paper.
the roman asked which god the gladiator had prayed to before the battle.
the roman asked which adversary the gladiator had prayed to before the battle.
the adversary asked which god the gladiator had prayed to before the battle.
the god asked which adversary the gladiator had prayed to before the battle.
the screenwriter clarified which viewers the director had targeted with his movie.
the screenwriter clarified which producers the director had targeted with his movie.
the producer clarified which viewers the director had targeted with his movie.
the viewers clarified which producers the director had targeted with his movie.
the scribe recorded which loyalists the monarch had rewarded with a casket of jewels.
the scribe recorded which rebels the monarch had rewarded with a casket of jewels.
the rebels recorded which loyalists the monarch had rewarded with a casket of jewels.
the loyalists recorded which rebels the monarch had rewarded with a casket of jewels.
the secretary confirmed which illustrator the author had used for her book.
the secretary confirmed which readers the author had used for her book.
the reader confirmed which illustrator the author had used for her book.
the illustrator confirmed which readers the author had used for her book.
the secretary knew which manager the ceo had promoted in his company.
the secretary knew which investor the ceo had promoted in his company.
the investor knew which manager the ceo had promoted in his company.
the manager knew which investor the ceo had promoted in his company.
the sentry knew which guard the captain had promoted to a more important position.
the sentry knew which townsperson the captain had promoted to a more important position.
the townsperson knew which guard the captain had promoted to a more important position.
the guard knew which townsperson the captain had promoted to a more important position.
the snoop determined which bouncher the alcoholic had hit during a drunken rage.
the snoop determined which psychologist the alcoholic had hit during a drunken rage.
the psychologist determined which bouncer the alcoholic had hit during a drunken rage.
the bouncer determined which psychologist the alcoholic had hit during a drunken rage.
the spectator remembered which batter the catcher had tagged out during the first half.
the spectator remembered which pitcher the catcher had tagged out during the first half.
the pitcher remembered which batter the catcher had tagged out during the first half.
the batter remembered which pitcher the catcher had tagged out during the first half.
the stenographer recorded which defendant the judge had sentenced in the trial.
the stenographer recorded which lawyer the judge had sentenced in the trial.
the laywer recorded which defendant the judge had sentenced in the trial.
the defendent recorded which lawyer the judge had sentenced in the trial.
the woman indicated which bicyclist the driver had struck with his car.
the woman indicated which passenger the driver had struck with his car.
the passenger indicated which bicyclist the driver had struck with his car.
the bicyclist indicated which passenger the driver had struck with his car.
the coach learned which fan the referee had yelled at during the time-out.
the coach learned which footballer the referee had yelled at during the time-out.
the footballer learned which fan the referee had yelled at during the time-out.
the fan learned which footballer the referee had yelled at during the time-out.
the mother stated which pediatrician the nurse had recommended to regularily see.
the mother stated which child the nurse had recommended to regularily see.
the child stated which pediatrician the nurse had recommended to regularily see.
the pediatrician stated which child the nurse had recommended to regularily see.
the administrator recognized which pupil the tutor had taught math weekly to.
the administrator recognized which advisor the tutor had taught math weekly to.
the advisor recognized which pupil the tutor had taught math weekly to.
the pupil recognized which advisor the tutor had taught math weekly to.
the fashion designer guessed which techie the photographer had hired for the shoot.
the fashion designer guessed which model the photographer had hired for the shoot.
the model guessed which techie the photographer had hired for the shoot.
the techie guessed which model the photographer had hired for the shoot.
the deputy deduced which hooligan the guard had detained during the fight.
the deputy deduced which victim the guard had detained during the fight.
the victim deduced which hooligan the guard had detained during the fight.
the hooligan deduced which victim the guard had detained during the fight.
the journalist reported which politician the activist had supported during the elections.
the journalist reported which voter the activist had supported during the elections.
the voter reported which politician the activist had supported during the elections.
the politician reported which voter the activist had supported during the elections.
the street vendor saw which panhandler the shopkeeper had caught trying to steal.
the street vendor saw which pedestrian the shopkeeper had caught trying to steal.
the pedestrian saw which panhandler the shopkeeper had caught trying to steal.
the panhandler saw which pedestrian the shopkeeper had caught trying to steal.
the journalist knew which firefighter the mayor had awarded a medal to.
the journalist knew which arsonist the mayor had awarded a medal to.
the arsonist knew which firefighter the mayor had awarded a medal to.
the firefighter knew which arsonist the mayor had awarded a medal to.
the assistant knew which engineer the boss had promoted eariler that week.
the assistant knew which client the boss had promoted eariler that week.
the client knew which engineer the boss had promoted eariler that week.
the engineer knew which client the boss had promoted eariler that week.
the movie buff learned which actor the director had cast for the role.
the movie buff learned which producer the director had cast for the role.
the producer learned which actor the director had cast for the role.
the actor learned which producer the director had cast for the role.
